paradigm param param param param pum hey
guys welcome back to embodiment of
scarlet devil sorry for the week or so
long hiatus don't want to go through its
let's play series too fast but the week
is still did too much I guess those
people waiting impatiently for what's
going to happen now today we're playing
the extra stage of this game basically
what happens that never total game if
you beat it in normal without continuing
or harder and some games works on easy
to unlock leather stage which is called
extra stage patch what to say compared
to the normal game the extra stage is a
bit more based on trial and error
gameplay and that at first it seems
impossible but the more you play the
more it gets really really easy this is
a bit less the case for USD and it
happens that this extra stain is my
favorite type of the bond punch in
general here SD compared to the other
game is more based on pure dodging and
there are less complicated patterns or
stuff to know about ah don't have much
else to say about this there's a plot
you can find it on the door weaker but I
don't really know and I'm going to play
as Marisa be for the heck of changing I
don't like her as much as Marissa a not
as good but then we get the amazing
master spark ooh which is we're seeing
is it is one of the most known things
about Touhou anyway like I said if you
know what's going to happen it's very
useful for extra mode like it almost
always begins with aimed shots like this
and then you want to kill these fairies
before they can do anything this this is
actually a bit easier with mr. Akers a
shot move a bit slow i think lalala then
is the part I really like is it is the
usual pure dodging ball might as well
try to get those point items yeah it's a
bit tight but it's usually mostly doable
now we get our first instance of death
fairy def fairy is the nameless fairy
has an unusually large amounts of hit
points and throws large patterns like
this I just cleared this one quite
easily good and now i have a mid-boss
but truly again yes you want some
revenge before we fight her I just want
to explain something about type of her
spell cards they're themed around the
Japanese days of the week and the
elements which are associated to this so
in in stage 4 we had fire which is
tuesday water which is wednesday word or
force which is thursday and the last one
was metal sometimes money but hit was
clearly metal which was the other one
friday and i think i'm missing one yet
saturday being earth now she's going to
attack us with Monday and Sunday you can
guess what these are
yeah move inside moon-sized maybe not
this is a quite long drawn-out card so
test of endurance spot the openings try
to stay under her even though it's
really not safe to watch it then royal
flare this card is trivial if you're
playing with Marissa a and not just
you're playing with anyone else and it
happens I have no idea what I'm supposed
to do now and I'm yes yes and another
one in lhasa four stones basically get
the five other at main elements all at
once it's all right second part of the
stage more aim stuff lalala and more
instruction it's the books again well
this section is much much much easier
than what we get in stage 4 but as usual
not the reason to lose concentration
I just really like I think it's very
very well balanced in terms of
difficulty very very random laughs but
usually doable when you don't play like
an idiot which is usually how I play
they're now going to get the boss a Jew
to length i think i'm going to cut the
video here video here you to work on
that accent and so see you in a minute